Update git clone (#123)
madewithkoji/docs: src/asciidoc/docs/develop/useGit.adoc

To clone your Koji repository locally, you need these strings:

* The *username* that you created when you registered with Koji.
* An *access token*, which you must generate and store securely.

You should know your username by heart, and the access token is a 32-character, randomly-generated hexadecimal number, which you need to note in a safe place.

=== Obtaining an access key

To clone your Koji repository locally, you must generate an access key and store it securely.
Access keys are strong, randomly-generated, 32-character hexadecimal strings that you generate to allow programmatic access to your Koji projects.

. From *Project Details*, click *Clone*.

> A dialog similar to the following will be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dialog similar to the following opens.
```
Avoiding future tense

> +

Reviewer: Please blur out your user name in the screenshot. We shouldn't include personal info in an image. You can use the blur tool in SnagIt to draw a box over your user name.

> image::git-clone.png[title="File VCC"]

Reviewer: Remove/replace caption. This is not a File VCC. :)
Also, to avoid the "Figure 1." on the caption, add the `:figure-caption!:` attribute to the page

. Click *Manage access keys*.

> The *Access Keys* page will open in a new tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
The *Access Keys* page opens in a new tab.
```
Avoid future tense. Add result step on next line (for consistency with other procedures).
